We're going to present you here a game we're working on.
It is Mafia II.
What you're going to see now is the same demo we've shown
to the press in Cologne, at GamesCom convention.
Aaand... the imagine is somewhat squeezed in here...
Anyway, a little interesting thing, this presentation you're about to see
is the first public presentation of Mafia II.
Live... live play of Mafia II.
So far we've only publicly presented videos or only to the press behind closed door
and what we're going to see now is Mafia's little public premiere.
Well... I guess there is no point in tell you any data, I guess you already know Mafia,
if not, you can just search it on Google, you'll find a lot of information there.
Or on fansites, there for sure.
Let's start by a little montage of what we've shown so far... to the press.
Some various action sequences.
These were some action parts we've shown on E3 and to the press.
And now you're going to see something completely different.
Something where the main focus is the city and some 2 action parts.
This is Vito Scalleta, the main character of Mafia II.
The guy from before is Joe Barbaro who is... his buddy.
Right now Vito is in Joe's apartment.
And as you can see they're having a good time.
So, left have a beer.
Well, guess she's gonna have to wait.
We just were told to drop by at Giuseppe's, it's sort of a main quest.
We got dressed up and we can head out.
As you can see we're leaving the apartment through the corridors.
Notice the texture quality, the attention to detail.
I'd like to point out that what you see here we're playing on an Xbox test-kit,
that means a console version that has many limitations.
So, here's our garage.
The game takes place in a city, you need to move a lot, therefore it's important you have cars at your disposal.
We're going to pick one that we stored here before. Let's take this one.
And we can head out.
So, what's going on over there? Our friend has some trouble.
Well, Radim, come on, do something.
We just witnessed this little incident here. Such things liven up the city life.
But as you heard, we've no time, we have a task ahead of us.
The game takes place in Empire Bay,
it's a fictional city based on some America's cities.
It takes place in the 40's and 50's.
As you can see... authentic street decorations.